Gareth's suggestions regarding language/formatting (#89)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Behaviour - Client Side.md

# Behaviour: Client Side

## Active Constraints of Sender

> Before making an [IS-05][IS-05] connection, NMOS Controller chooses a Sender and Receivers. Then NMOS Controller MUST `GET /constraints/supported` from the Sender, collect Receiver Capabilities from the Receivers and make such intersection of them that they can be utilized for building Constraints satisfying all the Receivers and using Parameter Constraints supported by the Sender. If the Sender supports less Parameter Constraints than used in the Receiver Capabilities, the NMOS Controller SHOULD inform the user about it. After that NMOS Controller MUST `PUT /constraints/active` and make the IS-05 connection if the Constraints have been applied succesfully. After breaking this connection via IS-05, NMOS Controller is RECOMMENDED to `DELETE /constraints/active`.

Author: ```suggestion
Before making an [IS-05][IS-05] connection, NMOS Controller chooses a Sender and Receivers. Then NMOS Controller MUST `GET /constraints/supported` from the Sender, MUST collect Receiver Capabilities from the Receivers and make such intersection of them that they can be utilized for building Active Constraints satisfying all the Receivers and using Parameter Constraint URNs supported by the Sender. If the Sender supports fewer Parameter Constraint URNs than used in the Receiver Capabilities, the NMOS Controller SHOULD inform the user about it. After that NMOS Controller MUST `PUT /constraints/active` and SHOULD make the IS-05 connection if the Constraints have been applied succesfully. After breaking this connection via IS-05, NMOS Controller is RECOMMENDED to `DELETE /constraints/active`.

Constraint Sets of Active Constraints SHOULD be the largest consensus among Receivers. For example, there are Receiver A, Receiver B, Receiver C with equal Receiver Capabilities consisting of Constraint Sets 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and Receiver D with Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 which is incompatible with the previous ones. In this case the largest consensus is Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5 which are common for all the four Receivers.

`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Receiver Capabilities indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraints Sets of the Receiver. NMOS Controller MUST remove values of this property before `PUT /constraints/active` and MAY use these values while making a decision about the intersection.

`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Active Constraints indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraints Sets of the Active Constraints of the Sender. NMOS Controller MAY fill in this property in Constraint Sets basing on any additional information about Receivers. For example, if the user in any way informs NMOS Controller that Receiver D is more important than Receivers A, B, C and `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` of Receiver D states that Constraint Set 6 has higher preference than Constraints Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, then the consensus would be Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 where Constraint Set 6 has the highest preference.

Constraint Sets of Receiver Capabilities with `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:enabled` set to false MUST be ignored completely while making the intersection.
```

> If multiple Receivers have equal Constraint Sets, NMOS Controller MUST choose only one of them while making the intersection. If they differ only in `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference`, then one with the highest priority MUST be taken.

Reviewer: Now I understand this is a bit better, my question is whether the Controller has to use the preference values from the Receivers at all? The Controller may know that one Receiver is higher priority than another, for example? And in any case, the way `meta:preference` is defined, values can only be compared for the same Receiver, you can't compare between them.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I think I would remove that paragraph ... because computing the intersection is much more complex than that. We could state that urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:label, urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference properties of constraint_set(s) MUST be ignored for the purpose of calculating the intersection and those constraint_set(s) with urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:enabled set to false MUST be ignored completely.

Ex. one Receiver indicate  height in range 720 <= height <= 2160 and another indicate height == 1080 ... The intersection is height 1080 but the constraint_set(s) are very different.

Author: I'm about to remove it too. Can `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:label` and `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` be used for setting `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` to Constraint Sets of the intersection? An example for `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` is given in a suggestion below.

## Dynamic format changes on Sender

### Changes which break Active Constraints

> NMOS Controller MUST track Sender's `subscription`'s `active` property during the IS-05 connection. If it became `false` unexpectedly, NMOS Controller SHOULD `GET /status` to figure out the reason of breaking the connection. If the State of the Sender is `active_constraints_violation`, then NMOS Controller SHOULD either disconnect all the Receivers or `PUT /constraints/active` once again and re-enable Sender via IS-05.

Reviewer 2: Update state name according to final naming convention ...

Constraint Sets of Active Constraints SHOULD be the largest consensus among Receivers. For example, there are Receiver A, Receiver B, Receiver C with equal Receiver Capabilities consisting of Constraint Sets 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and Receiver D with Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 which is incompatible with the previous ones. In this case the largest consensus is Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5 which are common for all the four Receivers.

> `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Receiver Capabilities indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraints Sets of the Receiver. NMOS Controller MUST remove values of this property before `PUT /constraints/active` and MAY use these values while making a decision about the intersection.
> 
> `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Active Constraints indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraints Sets of the Active Constraints of the Sender. NMOS Controller MAY fill in this property in Constraint Sets basing on any additional information about Receivers. For example, if the user in any way informs NMOS Controller that Receiver D is more important than Receivers A, B, C and `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` of Receiver D states that Constraint Set 6 has higher preference than Constraints Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, then the consensus would be Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 where Constraint Set 6 has the highest preference.

Author: ```suggestion
`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Receiver Capabilities indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraint Sets of the Receiver. NMOS Controller SHOULD NOT propagate values of this property as is from Receiver Caps to Active Constraints and MAY use these values to make a decision about the intersection and determine preference of Constraint Sets of Active Constraints.

`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Active Constraints indicates Constraint Set preference between Constraints Sets of the Active Constraints of the Sender. NMOS Controller MAY fill in this property in Constraint Sets basing on any additional information about Receivers. For example, if the user in any way informs NMOS Controller that Receiver D is more important than Receivers A, B, C and `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` of Receiver D states that Constraint Set 6 has higher preference than Constraints Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, then the consensus would be Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 where Constraint Set 6 has the highest preference.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Receiver Capabilities indicates relative preference between Constraint Sets of that Receiver. The NMOS Controller MAY use these values to make a decision about the intersection and determine preference of Constraint Sets of Active Constraints. It SHOULD NOT propagate values of this property as is from Receiver Capabilities to Active Constraints.

`urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` property in Constraint Sets of Active Constraints indicates relative preference between Constraints Sets of the Active Constraints of the Sender. The NMOS Controller MAY fill in this property in Constraint Sets based on any additional information about Receivers. For example, if the user in any way informs the NMOS Controller that Receiver D is more important than Receivers A, B, C and `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference` of Receiver D states that Constraint Set 6 has higher preference than Constraints Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, then the consensus would be Constraint Sets 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 where Constraint Set 6 has the highest preference.
```

I think the explanation of the example needs to be expanded as "more important" here seems to mean "sending the highest preference stream for Receiver D is so important that it doesn't matter if Receivers A, B, C would be not be capable of receiving this stream at all"?
